README.md, before:

Raspberry Pi Model B+ Case
==========================

This is a simple acrylic lasercut case for the Raspberry Pi Model B+.

![top](images/top.jpg)

Build Instructions
------------------

![raspberrypi-b-plus-case](images/raspberrypi-b-plus-case.png)

    green:	vector engraving
    black:	raster engraving
    red:	cut

Detailed instructions coming soon.

Visicut color-mapping
---------------------

If you use Visicut (https://github.com/t-oster/VisiCut) you can find a working color-mapping under `visicut/raspberrypi-b-plus-case.xml`

License
-------

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">raspberrypi-b-plus-case</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://github.com/diy-electronics/raspberrypi-b-plus-case" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">https://github.com/diy-electronics/raspberrypi-b-plus-case</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Raspberry Pi is a trademark of the Raspberry Pi Foundation

Commit message:

added two links
added link to visicut mappings & to adafruit pi box

README.md, after:

Raspberry Pi Model B+ Case
==========================

This is a simple acrylic lasercut case for the Raspberry Pi Model B+.

![top](images/top.jpg)

Build Instructions
------------------

![raspberrypi-b-plus-case](images/raspberrypi-b-plus-case.png)

    green:	vector engraving
    black:	raster engraving
    red:	cut

Detailed instructions coming soon.

Visicut color-mapping
---------------------

If you use Visicut (https://github.com/t-oster/VisiCut) you can find a working color-mapping under 
![visicut/raspberrypi-b-plus-case.xml](visicut/raspberrypi-b-plus-case.xml)

License
-------

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">raspberrypi-b-plus-case</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://github.com/diy-electronics/raspberrypi-b-plus-case" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">https://github.com/diy-electronics/raspberrypi-b-plus-case</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Raspberry Pi is a trademark of the Raspberry Pi Foundation

Based on the [Adafruit Pi Box - Enclosure for Raspberry Pi Model A or B](https://www.adafruit.com/products/859)
